AdelaLatin form of German Adala, meaning "noble." In use by the Danish and Swedish.
AgataItalian and Spanish form of Latin Agatha, meaning "good." Compare with another form of Agata.
AgdaSwedish form of Latin Agatha, meaning "good."
AgnetaDanish and Swedish form of Greek Hagne, meaning "chaste; holy."
AgnettaVariant spelling of Swedish Agneta, meaning "chaste; holy."
AlvaSwedish feminine form of Old Norse Alf, meaning "elf." Compare with another form of Alva.
AnikaVariant spelling of Swedish Annika, meaning "favor; grace."
AnnalisaDanish and Swedish variant spelling form of Scandinavian Annelise, meaning "favor; grace" and "God is my oath." Compare with another form of Annalisa.
AnnborgNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Arnbjorg, meaning "eagle protection."
AnnekaVariant spelling of Swedish Annika, meaning "favor; grace."
AnnikaSwedish form of Low German Anniken, meaning "favor; grace."
ArnborgSwedish form of Old Norse Arnbjorg, meaning "eagle protection."
ArnborghOld form of Swedish Arnborg, meaning "eagle protection."
ÅsaSwedish form of Icelandic Ása, meaning "god."
ÅslögSwedish form of Old Norse Áslaug, meaning "God-betrothed woman."
AsridSwedish variant form of Scandinavian Astrid, meaning "divine beauty."
AudaSwedish form of Old Norse Auðr, meaning "deeply rich."
BarebraOld Swedish form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BatildaSwedish form of Old High German Bathilda, meaning "fight-battle."
BenediktaSwedish feminine form of Scandinavian Benedikt, meaning "blessed."
BengtaFeminine form of Swedish Bengt, meaning "blessed."
BothildSwedish form of Scandinavian Bodil, meaning "battle of revenge."
CajsaVariant spelling of Swedish Kajsa, meaning "pure."
CharlottaSwedish form of French Charlotte, meaning "man."
DahliaEnglish name derived from the flower name, from the surname of Swedish botanist Anders Dahl, meaning "valley," hence "dahlia flower" or "valley flower."
EmelieSwedish form of English Emily, meaning "rival."
FredrikaFeminine form of Norwegian/Swedish Fredrik, meaning "peaceful ruler."
FrejaDanish and Swedish form of Old Norse Freyja, meaning "lady, mistress."
FröjaOld Swedish form of Old Norse Freyja, meaning "lady, mistress."
GärdSwedish form of Old Norse Gerðr, meaning "enclosure, stronghold."
GerdiDanish and Swedish form of Old Norse Gerðr, meaning "enclosure, stronghold."
GerdyNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Gerðr, meaning "enclosure, stronghold."
GittanSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Birgitta, meaning "exalted one."
GretaShort form of Danish/Swedish Margareta, meaning "pearl."
GullaPet form of Danish/Swedish Gunilla, meaning "war-battle."
GullanPet form of Danish/Swedish Gunilla, meaning "war-battle."
GunillaDanish and Swedish variant form of Scandinavian Gunhild, meaning "war-battle."
HelgiSwedish pet form of Icelandic Helga, meaning "holy; dedicated to the gods." Compare with masculine Helgi.
HilleviFinnish and Swedish form of German Heilwig, meaning "healthy battle maid."
IdeDanish and Swedish form of Icelandic Iða, meaning "industrious."
IngegardOlder form of Swedish Ingegärd, meaning "Ing's enclosure."
IngegärdSwedish variant form of Old Norse Ingigerðr, meaning "Ing's enclosure."
IngerSwedish contracted form of Scandinavian Ingegerd, meaning "Ing's enclosure."
InghildNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Ynghildr, meaning "Ing's warrior."
IngvildVariant spelling of Norwegian/Swedish Yngvild, meaning "Ing's warrior."
JannikeFeminine form of Swedish Jannik, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Jannike.
KaiVariant spelling of Swedish Kaj, meaning "pure." Compare with other forms of Kai.
KaiaVariant spelling of Danish/Swedish Kaja, meaning "pure." Compare with another form of Kaia.
KajShort form of Swedish Katerina, meaning "pure." Compare with masculine Kaj.
KajaDanish and Swedish pet form of Scandinavian Katharina, meaning "pure." Compare with other forms of Kaja.
KajsaPet form of Swedish Kaj, meaning "pure."
KarinContracted form of Swedish Katerin, meaning "pure." Compare with another form of Karin.
KatarinaSwedish form of Greek Aikaterine, meaning "pure." This form is also used in Germany, Hungary, and many other Slavic countries.
KaterinOld Swedish form of Greek Aikaterine, meaning "pure." Compare with another form of Katerin.
KaterinaSwedish form of Scandinavian Katharina, meaning "pure." Compare with another form of Katerina.
KatinaShort form of Swedish Katarina, meaning "pure."
KerstinSwedish form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." Compare with another form of Kerstin.
KiaPet form of Swedish Kerstin, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KjerstinNorwegian and Swedish form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KristaSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Kristina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
LinnShort form of Swedish Linnéa, meaning "twin flower." Compare with other forms of Linn.
LinnéaSwedish form of Latin Linnaea, meaning "twin flower."
LottaShort form of Swedish Charlotta, meaning "man."
LovisaFeminine form of Swedish Love, meaning "famous warrior."
MalinSwedish contracted form of Latin Magdalena, meaning "of Magdala."
MargaretaDanish and Swedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Margaretha, meaning "pearl." Compare with another form of Margareta.
MaritNorwegian and Swedish form of Greek Margarites, meaning "pearl."
MarnaSwedish form of Roman Latin Marina, meaning "of the sea."
MärtaSwedish form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MiaDanish and Swedish pet form of Latin Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MikaelaFeminine form of Swedish Mikael, meaning "who is like God?"
MySwedish pet form of Latin Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
NéaShort form of Swedish Linnéa, meaning "twinflower."
NilsineFeminine form of Swedish Nils, meaning "victor of the people."
ÖdaSwedish form of Old Norse Auðr, meaning "deeply rich."
OttalieSwedish form of German Ottilia, meaning "wealthy."
OttilieVariant spelling of Swedish Ottalie, meaning "wealthy."
PernillaSwedish form of Roman Latin Petronilla, meaning "little rock."
RagnildSwedish variant form of Scandinavian Ragnhild, meaning "battle counsel."
RebeckaSwedish form of Greek Rhebekka, meaning "ensnarer." Compare with another another form of Rebecka.
SassaPet form of Swedish Asrid, meaning "god beautiful."
SofiaVariant spelling of Greek Sophia, meaning "wisdom." This form of the name is in wide use throughout Europe by the Finnish, Italians, Germans, Norwegians, Portuguese and Swedish.
SolvigSwedish form of Old Norse Solveig, meaning "strong house."
SusannSwedish form of Scandinavian Susanna, meaning "lily."
SvanhildaSwedish variant form of Scandinavian Svanhild, meaning "swan battle."
SveaSwedish name derived from Svea rike ("empire of the Swedes"), hence "Swede."
TeresiaGerman and Swedish form of Spanish Teresa, meaning "harvester."
ThorbjörgSwedish variant spelling of Icelandic Þorbjörg, meaning "Thor's protection."
ThorborgDanish and Swedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Torborg, meaning "Thor's protection.
ThorfridhOld Swedish form of Old Norse Þorríðr, meaning "Thor's beauty."
ThorridhSwedish form of Old Norse Þorríðr, meaning "Thor's beauty."
TorbjörgSwedish form of Old Norse Þorbjorg, meaning "Thor's protection."
TorhildaSwedish and Norwegian variant form of Scandinavian Torhild, meaning "Thor's battle."
TovaSwedish variant form of Scandinavian Tove, meaning "Thor" or "thunder." Compare with another form of Tova.
TyriSwedish form of Old Norse Þyri, meaning "Thor's warrior."
UlvaSwedish form of Icelandic Úlfa, meaning "wolf."
ValdisSwedish and Norwegian form of Old Norse Valdís, meaning "goddess of the slain in battle."
VallborgSwedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Valborg, meaning "salvation of the slain in battle."
VendelaFeminine form of Norwegian/Swedish Vendel, meaning "a Wend; a wanderer," a term used to refer to migrant Slavs in the sixth century.
VivaNorwegian and Swedish short form of Scandinavian Vivianne, meaning "alive; animated; lively."
VivekaSwedish form of German Wibeke, meaning "war."
YngvildNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Yngvildr, meaning "Ing's warrior."
