AckeSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Axel, meaning "father of peace." Compare with another form of Acke.
AdolfusLatinized form of German Adolf, meaning "noble wolf."
ÅkeSwedish form of Old Norse Áki, meaning "father."
AlbriktOld Swedish form of Low German Albrekt, meaning "bright nobility."
AlrickVariant spelling of Swedish Alrik, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."
AlrikSwedish form of Old Norse Alrekr, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."
AnderSwedish form of Old Norse Arnþórr, meaning "eagle of Thor." Compare with another form of Ander.
AnundOld Danish and Swedish form of Old Norse Anundr, possibly meaning "triumph of the ancestor/forefather."
ArvidhSwedish form of Old Norse Arnviðr, meaning "eagle tree."
ÅsbjörnSwedish form of Old Norse Ásbjorn, meaning "divine-bear."
AsbjörnVariant spelling of Swedish Åsbjörn, meaning "divine-bear."
AsmundOld Swedish form of Old Norse Ásmundr, meaning "divine protection."
AsvaldSwedish form of Old Norse Ásvaldr, meaning "divine power" or "divine ruler."
BengtModern form of Swedish Benkt, meaning "blessed."
BenktSwedish contracted form of Scandinavian Benedikt, meaning "blessed."
BirghirOld Swedish variant form of Scandinavian Birger, meaning "rescuer, saver."
BjörnSwedish form of Old Norse Bjorn, meaning "bear."
BjörnePet form of Swedish Björn, meaning "bear."
BoSwedish byname for a "householder," transferred to forename use, derived from Old Norse búa, meaning "to dwell; to have a household." Compare with other forms of Bo.
BörjeSwedish form of Old Norse Bjorg, meaning "rescuer, saver."
BossePet form of Swedish Bo, meaning "householder."
ByrghirOld Swedish form of Scandinavian Birger, meaning "rescuer, saver."
CanutusLatin form of Old Norse Knútr, meaning "knot." In use by the Norwegians and Swedish.
ChristerDanish and Swedish form of Latin Christianus, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
DagherSwedish form of Old Norse Dagr, meaning "day."
ElofSwedish form of Old Norse Eileifr, meaning "ever-heir."
ElovVariant spelling of Swedish Elof, meaning "ever-heir."
EsbenSwedish form of Old Norse Ásbjorn, meaning "divine-bear."
EspenSwedish form of Old Norse Ásbjorn, meaning "divine-bear."
FredrikSwedish and Norwegian form of German Fridric, meaning "peaceful ruler." Compare with another form of Fredrik.
FrejDanish and Swedish form of Old Norse Freyr, meaning "lord, master."
GjordModern form of Swedish Gyrdh, meaning "God's peace."
GöranSwedish form of Greek Georgios, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
GöstaPet form of Swedish Gustaf, meaning "meditation staff."
GottfridSwedish form of Old Norse Guðfriðr, meaning "God's peace."
GregerSwedish form of Greek Gregorios, meaning "watchful; vigilant."
GudbrandNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Guðbrandr, meaning "God's sword."
GudhlefOld Swedish form of Old Norse Guðleifr, meaning "divine heir."
GustafSwedish form of Latin Gustavus, meaning "meditation staff."
GyrdhShort form of Swedish Gyrdher, meaning "God's peace."
GyrdherSwedish form of Old Norse Guðfrøðr, meaning "God's peace."
HåkanSwedish form of Old Norse Hákon, meaning "high son."
HalstenSwedish form of Old Norse Hallsteinn, meaning "rock stone."
HalvarSwedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Halvard, meaning "rock defender."
HampusLatin form of Old High German Hampe, meaning "bright home." In use by the Swedish.
HasseSwedish pet form of German Hans, meaning "God is gracious."
HendrickSwedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Henrik, meaning "home-ruler."
HenricSwedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Henrik, meaning "home-ruler."
HildeSwedish masculine form of Old Norse Hildr, meaning "battle." Compare with feminine Hilde.
HolmgerOld Swedish form of Old Norse Holmgeirr, meaning "spear island."
IngramSwedish name composed of the name of the Old Norse god Ing and the word hramn "raven," hence "Ing's raven." Compare with another form of Ingram.
IsakSwedish form of Greek Isaák, meaning "he will laugh."
IvorSwedish and Norwegian form of Old Norse Ívarr, meaning "bow warrior."
JanneSwedish pet form of Latin Johan, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Janne.
JannikSwedish pet form of Low German Jan, meaning "God is gracious."
JerkShort form of Swedish Jerker, meaning "ever-ruler."
JerkerSwedish variant form of Scandinavian Erik, meaning "ever-ruler."
JonatanSwedish form of Hebrew Yownathan, meaning "God has given."
JöranVariant spelling of Swedish Göran, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
JörgenSwedish form of Greek Georgios, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
KlemensDanish, German, Polish and Swedish form of Greek Klementos, meaning "gentle and merciful."
KristerSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Kristoffer, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
LagmanMedieval Swedish form of Old Norse Lögmaðr, meaning "lawman."
LamontScottish surname transferred to English forename use, from the medieval Swedish personal name Lagman, meaning "lawman."
LaresVariant spelling of Swedish Laris, meaning "of Laurentum."
LarisVariant spelling of Swedish Laures, meaning "of Laurentum."
LaurensShort form of Latin Laurentinus, meaning "of Laurentum." In use by the Dutch, Danish and Swedish.
LauresSwedish form of Latin Laurens, meaning "of Laurentum."
LaurisNorwegian and Swedish form of Latin Laurus, meaning "laurel."
LoveSwedish name derived from Middle Latin Ludovicus, meaning "famous warrior." Compare with feminine Love.
LuddeSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Ludvig, meaning "famous warrior."
MårtenSwedish form of Latin Martinus, meaning "of/like Mars."
MatsNorwegian and Swedish form of Greek Mattathias, meaning "gift of God."
MikaelSwedish form of Greek Michaēl, meaning "who is like God?"
NelsVariant form of Swedish Nils, meaning "victor of the people."
NilsSwedish form of Greek Nikolaos, meaning "victor of the people."
NissePet form of Swedish Nils, meaning "victor of the people."
NoakSwedish form of Greek Noe, meaning "rest."
OdderOld Swedish form of Old Norse Oddr, meaning "point of a weapon."
OddmundNorwegian and Swedish name composed of the Old Norse elements oddr "point of a weapon" and mundr "protection."
OdenNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Óðinn, meaning "poetry, song" and "eager, frenzied, raging."
OlaNorwegian and Swedish form of Scandinavian Olaf, meaning "heir of the ancestors."
OllePet form of Swedish Olov, meaning "heir of the ancestors."
OlofVariant spelling of Swedish Olov, meaning "heir of the ancestors."
OlovSwedish form of Scandinavian Olaf, meaning "heir of the ancestors."
ÖrjanSwedish form of Greek Georgios, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
PålSwedish form of Greek Paulos, meaning "small."
PehrSwedish pet form of Greek Petros, meaning "rock, stone."
PelleSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Per, meaning "rock, stone."
PetterNorwegian and Swedish form of Greek Petros, meaning "rock, stone."
RodgerSwedish form of Old Norse Róðgeirr, meaning "famous spear." Compare with another form of Rodger.
RoffeSwedish pet form of Scandinavian Rolf, meaning "famous wolf."
StaffanSwedish form of Greek Stephanos, meaning "crown."
StefanSwedish form of Latin Stephanus, meaning "crown." Compare with other forms of Stefan.
StenSwedish form of Old Norse Steinn, meaning "stone."
StureSwedish name derived from Old Norse stúra, meaning "obstinate."
SvenSwedish form of Old Norse Sveinn, meaning "boy."
ThorSwedish and Norwegian form of Old Norse Þórr, meaning "thunder."
ThorgislOld Swedish form of Old Norse Þorgísl, meaning "Thor's arrow."
ThorgnySwedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Torgny, meaning "Thor's clash" or "thunder clash."
ThorirOld Swedish form of Old Norse Þórir, meaning "Thor's warrior."
ThorketilOld Swedish form of Old Norse Þorketill, meaning "Thor's cauldron."
ThorvaldDanish and Swedish form of Old Norse Þorvaldr, meaning "Thor's ruler."
ThyrSwedish form of Old Norse Týr, meaning "god."
TorbernSwedish short form of Latin Torbernus, meaning Thor's bear."
TorbjörnSwedish form of Old Norse Þorbiorn, meaning "Thor's bear."
TorgerSwedish and Norwegian form of Old Norse Þorgeirr, meaning "Thor's spear."
TorgilsNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Þorgísl, meaning "Thor's arrow."
TorstenDanish and Swedish form of Old Norse Þorsteinn, meaning "Thor's stone."
TrulsNorwegian and Swedish form of Old Norse Þorgísl, meaning "Thor's arrow."
TryggveNorwegian and Swedish form of Icelandic Tryggvi, meaning "trustworthy."
TureDanish and Swedish form of Scandinavian Tore, meaning "thunder."
TykoSwedish form of Greek Tychon, meaning "hitting the mark."
TyrSwedish form of Old Norse Týr, meaning "god."
ValentinSwedish form of Latin Valentinus, meaning "healthy, strong." Compare with other forms of Valentin.
VendelNorwegian and Swedish form of Old High German Wendel, meaning "a Wend; a wanderer," a term used to refer to migrant Slavs in the sixth century.
VilfridSwedish variant spelling of Scandinavian Vilfred, meaning "desires peace."
VölundSwedish form of Old Norse Volundr, meaning "war territory" or "battlefield."
YrianNorwegian and Swedish form of Low German Jurian, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
YrjanVariant spelling of Norwegian/Swedish Yrian, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
